Can you hear me? Okay, I'm getting some like stuttery. I don't know if it's my internet
I was trying to find it might be your inner voice my inner voice. That's causing you to sound stuttery
Like I have low bandwidth. Yeah interesting
You looked very deep in thought. I was you were eating your necklace. It was a whole thing
I like vaguely like I don't know. I don't know what speaker coming out of like on your shoulder
Yeah, it's the ghost of Adam haunting you. This is not an episode. I thought we would record in I mean like
Not what we're gonna talk about. I don't know what we're gonna talk about. I just mean
It's not an episode like today. I kind of thought I was gonna need another week and
Things fell into place at the last minute. So here we are. I love that you don't really know what's going on
I don't know and nobody knows what's going on. It's funny cuz uh
There were a few posts today about this podcast and someone was like oh really someone was like it's so annoying
When they skip a week and I was like we're about to skip another week. Just skip a few weeks
Who knows how many weeks actually, you know what this has been like the toughest week of my life
That's pretty easy to say even not even like close and I'm actually really proud of me for not like melting down publicly
I didn't have any like serious fault. Did I did I tweet anything that was just like
Irreparable damage to my reputation or something. I don't think so. I think I managed
Oh, did I am I forgetting? I would forget something like that. No, I don't think you but it's like the reason
I'm saying I was like that was an expectation that I don't know I wouldn't even think of that possibility really
Yeah, I guess I know people
People that are close to me that have had
issues in life
mental health or otherwise that have done a lot of things publicly and
They I don't know you can you know when things are really bad and you're struggling. It's true
It's easy enough to like find solace in the anonymous internet not the anonymous internet, but just like
Say what's on your mind and then I don't know everyone views you a little differently because you're struggling
There's a lot of stigma about mental health in America. Let's talk about that. I'm just kidding. That's
That's not what I'm here to talk about
Think it so okay
Where do I want to begin? I I really do struggle here because I don't know like if it were just me and you talking and this wasn't gonna
Be a podcast obviously the conversation would be different normally. I like to just have the conversation as naturally as possible
Where I don't think about what I'm saying. I'm probably gonna think a little bit about what I say on this episode
Yeah, okay, so I've had a tough couple of weeks week. I don't know also
Yeah, I just I don't want to make this whole episode about this. This just feels weird. It's weird
There's so many things that are weird. It's weird. You're just dying
Okay, like don't worry about the meta stuff let's just start talking. I will to balance it. I also had
something
embarrassing and very
Annoying happened to me in the beginning of this week. Okay, I will share that afterwards. Would you say it's been the toughest week of your life or?
Maybe not
It was definitely a very tough
Hours that led to difficult sleep and then I woke up and then everything was resolved by then but uh, okay
It's just embarrassed for me particularly. It's embarrassing. So I'm so excited. Okay. We'll we'll do my thing first and then we'll come
That'll be the comedic relief
Yeah, okay. I'm not gonna beat around it. Just like I'm gonna get into some stuff. It's
This is our podcast like like we can talk about what we want and it'd be weird for me like as you'll hear one thing
I'm really focused on moving forward is being
okay with being myself and just being
like having a life where I'm the same to everybody and I'm not
Like pretending ever to be something so we basically would just have to cancel the podcast if I didn't talk about this stuff
Because there's no way I'd be able to get on here and not just be fake and pretend
I don't know all this stuff isn't going on. So this had to happen
I'm sorry if you're a listener and you're just like I don't want to hear about next year's because I'm a big versatile fan boy
I'm sorry because this is gonna be a little different
Yeah, so Casey and I my wife Casey of 15 years
have been on the precipice of
Ending our relationship for a week. So we were separated. This is very it's gonna get very confusing
It's like the friends Ross and Rachel stuff
We were on a break and then we were separated and then we were maybe closer than ever and then yesterday
Was very close to looking like it was over over over divorce over and then today
Once again the best it's been
I can feel you right now just like
You're so in the dark because we didn't we haven't talked since yesterday and yesterday was the yeah
We haven't we haven't talked since eight hours ago. I know and eight hours ago
Oh, man, okay, maybe we don't spend that long on this
Maybe I can just kind of give you the rundown and then like if there's something good that comes out of it
And we can hit on it, but at least I've acknowledged it
Yeah, basically, I just I hid from my wife
I've just haven't been myself in some ways and like things that I was holding on to since like college
Yeah, I mean, I've okay
I played a video game in college that I failed out of college over and then hid that game from her subsequently a
Few times in our marriage
This last time it's just whenever I get really stressed basically when there's like a lot of stress in my life
I fall back to this thing and it's not a thing. I felt I could share with her
And it was just rough it was like harder a lot
in the process we've learned a lot about each other I think in some ways we've grown closer through all of it and
Yeah, I'm really optimistic now. So I was really optimistic a week ago
And then we almost got divorced yesterday, but I'm really optimistic now. So I think things are better
We want to work through it. We want to work. We want to do the work
We've got therapists. We've got all the things the resources we need to figure out why we had these barriers between us
And I think we're gonna make it
We want to work through it and we want to be together while we work through it. So we're not even really separated now
That's the progress
We're back together and I think we're on the right track. Okay, that's all anyway. How you been?
It's just like I I was prepared for this to be like a really long thing that we talked about
I think you just I think halfway through you're like, you know what we can just make this this really quick
Yeah, cuz I think I realized like the value is in like acknowledging it and not just like pretending for the rest of the podcast that
Yeah, you know, so that's like what I don't need to go through the whole story
You guys don't need to hear about when I was 16 and like we don't have to go back to the beginning. It's fine like
No, I mean, you don't have to talk about that, but I will say people love hearing that shit. So really like you mean like struggles things that
Define you or what what shit is it that you speak of it?
So it's also weird when I say a curse word because it just comes out in my mouth. So I'm naturally
Well, I'm saying I think oftentimes you feel like I'm talking about me
A lot and this is like so unrelatable. This is just something like so specific to me
But like let's be honest. There's a reason that the most watched TV is in the reality TV category
Good point. Yeah, people in their core love hearing about
Stuff. Yeah, that is personal of people's lives
So you don't have to talk about any of it like I think if I were you even how much you just talked about
I think I would I would struggle to mm-hmm. I do think it's a right call
I think what you said makes sense because like yeah, it would be weird to get on here and
Pretend like everything's normal. Yeah. Yeah. This is kind of something we've been talking about for the past week
But yeah
My only thing is I mean I said to you over and over I
Feel like
And you've heard this from me in enough times when I'm just saying this for our audience
You are someone that really looks to blame yourself a lot even in really small cases
And I think in when there's complicated situations where
It's something you did but it's very complicated because this was all reflexive thing where like it was because something else
But that was because something else
I think you your natural tendency tend to be to like
solely reduce it to like the one action that you did when it's yeah a lot more complex
So anyway, even there's a way you describe the situation. I remember people listening
It sounds like the equivalent of everything was great and I cheated on my wife. You know, I like it's it's like not
It's been a it's a very complicated situation like people can imagine
Yeah, yeah, and I think some of the things you've said to me and then I had coffee with my brother this morning
I think all of the inputs I've gotten helped triangulate some thoughts and
It's some of what you're speaking to like the big problem between me and Casey
It does feel weird to do this on a podcast. I guess like this is so I don't know
This is like you're getting a real inside baseball. You're getting stuff that I mean Casey. You're probably Casey's gonna listen to this
I'm sure I hope I didn't misrepresent anything that we're talking about here
And she's open to me talking about this on the podcast by the way
I guess like one of the things that I feel like broke today in our conversation that kind of like broke in the right way like
toward the right
Thing is related to some of the feedback you've given me that just realizing how much of my last decade with Casey since we've had kids
And things got stressful
Has been spent like I've been twisting myself internally into this pretzel trying to just make her happy
But in like superficial ways like ways that I think are just like the low-hanging fruit ways to make her happy
Like I've done so much to try and like
Just be it's the hero. I mean, it's I have this hero complex the hero role or whatever hero child
I don't know if anyone digs into psychology or has had someone tell them they have this. Well, we have it together
We are the hero children
Basically just like have to put all things together and make it look really good and feel really good for everybody on the surface level
I've just I've had that and it drives so many of my decisions with Casey and it to the point of being unhappy and
Not even really being self-aware enough to know how unhappy I was some of that stuff. Yeah, it's the blaming myself
it's it's all of it it's all very related and
Yeah, I mean it wouldn't work we both acknowledge this marriage doesn't make sense if we can't fix those things
So it's still a long road of becoming these new people that we need to be to have a healthy relationship
We kind of both agree that just what we've had is no good
We don't want I mean there was good. No good is the wrong term because there literally was a lot of good
We got two amazing little boys
There's a lot plenty of good
But we want to start over we want like
To just forget everything all of the trauma and the pain and the things that we've created
We got to start on a new foundation. So anyway, that's that's me and my life and the crumbling walls around me
I just made that a song. It's not a song. I don't know. I was uncomfortable. Okay, so I start singing about this art
You better start like an email band
Yeah, that makes sense that you guys want to go for like a reset. Let's try creating something new. Yeah
Are you guys gonna try doing something really drastic just to get like some superficially drastic just to get out of?
You know certain habits and stuff and you consider that like getting a dog or something. What do you mean like?
I mean kind of yeah, because it's like it's just like with any habit
It's if you're in like the same type of environment, even though the habit is not related to environment
It's like easy to fall back into it. Yeah, how our brains were this is what we thought a week ago when this all went down
We thought okay, we need to separate we need to start
New habits and like that separation will help us break out of the current cycle. We did some things
I mean, I've been sleeping in the basement
Among other things. We changed up our schedule. We created like a more strict schedule that gives us both the time that we just didn't have
Because we sort of like both I think we both just kind of like we're the martyr and like
Trying to sacrifice ourselves to just make sure the other one was getting what they need
But like we're both unhappy and we both feel like we never have time on the schedule. That's like our time
So we kind of like created that we did some things anyway. We did some things and now I I feel like we've
We've decided the separation
Is it wasn't helping because it was already like we were falling back into the same patterns anyway, so we're kind of like
Effit let's just actually be together while we figure this out because I don't think what we did was helping now a therapist
Might tell us you need to do xyz and we'd be very open to that
I think we just both now after a week and how much up and down pain there's been we just want to figure out how we can do it
But also be together
Because we feel like we need we need something we need that from each other I guess
I'm probably misrepresenting all this. I'm so sorry Casey. That was right terrible. I don't know. I didn't said the wrong thing
One thing that's stuck in my head look you're doing the thing. You're doing the thing you just said
What one thing let me just say one thing about that the thing you just did it's funny cuz uh
It's this weird thing where
So you were like concerned that you do the wrong thing and you accept the other person
Yeah, and it seems like that is a situation that's bad for you and good for the other person because you're like
Being really careful and the end other person gets a benefit
But in reality no one actually wants to be in that position where someone yeah needs to like check in with them
yeah, everything right, so I think I've noticed with like with uh
situations where it feels like the power dynamic is off everyone imagines like
The person getting the upside is actually really happy, but like they're actually like nobody's actually happy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think uh
That's when I said like superficially making her happy. I know I'm not genuinely like creating real happiness
It's or joy or anything. It's like just creating a
Comfort for today like let's just feel comfortable in this moment. So yeah, I'm I recognize that's I got to get rid of that
but the one thing I am do like
The thing I'm hanging on to in my mind just today
so
Not creating a bunch of different life habits to try and shake up the brain
But I'm just thinking like I'm very hung up. They're very like
Concentrated on the idea of like one day at a time. That's so cliche, but I literally need to like
Have a constant check-in
With Casey right now to just make sure we don't slip into patterns
so one thing that's changed dramatically just today is I do feel like I can tell her everything and I have
Started telling her everything that I felt like I had to hide before
something has flipped for me that like I
am gonna be myself
100% and if that means she doesn't want to be with me then that's better than
This life we've built over 15 years where I'm I'm just gonna hide the things that I think she doesn't want and try and be the thing
She she does want like that is gone. I will not do that anymore
And I think that's the main place. It shows up is with Casey like I don't want to do that with anybody
I don't want to feel like I'm pretending to be something
With anybody, but yeah, it's like repulsive to me like the the feeling of like hiding
Makes me kind of want to vomit so like at this point moving forward if
I'm someone who plays video games or not if I played that specific video game or not
She's gonna know and everyone's gonna know and it's gonna be healthy and I'm not gonna be in in the shadows
Feeling like I can't just be myself with my own wife. Anyway, that that much has changed
I know today something flipped. Yeah, I know that that makes a lot of sense
And it might be this weird counterintuitive thing where if it turns out that half the time you're doing stuff that she disagrees with
She might still like you a lot more overall. Oh, yeah, at least it's not this this weird thing, right?
Yeah, it's gonna feel it's every interaction still feels hard
To not think about what she how she perceives me because that's been ingrained over a long period of time
But yeah, I've got a I've got to get past that I've got to be able to make decisions without
Fear of how she views it if I think it's a good decision to make or it's a stupid decision
And I make a mistake, but like I can live with that
Knowing at least I was honest. Yeah, like you can do it and then and then she has a right to like find it annoying
Yeah, exactly like that. That's what that's all okay. Yeah healthy
Yeah, anyway, can you tell me your embarrassing thing? I need some I need some light. Okay, you ready for this?
Yeah, oh, man. I'm trying not actually I really want to kind of like guess but I'll never guess so it's okay
just go ahead on
Tuesday I deleted our primary database
Whoa
Dax mr. Senior dev have you tweeted about this yet? No because I'm waiting to figure some stuff
I'll explain why I am gonna post about it, but you're still trying to figure out how you're gonna
Tuesday nights or it was Wednesday night. I forgot what wait what there was the election was Tuesday night
It's always on Tuesday. We're doing just learn that I've voted like a hundred times. Sorry
I
Was watching the election and I'm like, okay at midnight
I'm gonna do this big console deployment that we've been working on for a couple weeks
And I did it all in dev and it went great
And I went to do it in production and I was like halfway through it and then all of a sudden I was like
Why is my SSC deployment error and saying 404 database not found?
And then I go log into plant scale and it's an empty account and I'm like
Wow, that is really bad
What happened so in the moment I didn't realize I didn't understand what happened
I was like I must have messed up our infrastructures code somehow
And like removed the database and then done deploying. Yeah, and then so like deleted the database
So I I was like I'm not gonna try to figure out what happened. I'm just I need to get this fix
So I ended up texting Sam who's a he's been on our podcast to see a plant scale
It was embarrassing cuz I'm like, you know, I do like freaking deleted like I deleted our database like all of it is
And then I did he replies. Okay, like you asked me a few questions and he goes
You're so lucky that our CTO is at my house right now
They happen to be like hanging out together
Wow, and the CTO found it look at this service the found the EBS volume that
You know obviously when you delete something they don't like immediately like everything
But I was worried that they probably have some
Process that runs at some point where it is clean. Yeah
Yeah, so he did he found the EBS volume and has marked it as
Like to not delete or whatever is making sure that it wouldn't get deleted
While the support team
The support team could eventually restore it. Yeah, so I was waiting on the support team
And it was like this at this point. It was like 1 a.m. My time. Oh and I stayed up to like 230 waiting
And then I was I see a sleep cuz I'm not it's like no point in just me waiting and I woke up and the database was back
And like it turned out like of course 10 minutes after I went to sleep
They like they did the restore and then and I got everything back and at that point
I could like investigate what the issue was and I still haven't fully gotten down to it
But this is actually was a bug
either in I haven't found figure out where the source of the bug is it's either in
Pulumi or it's in the tower from provider for plant scale
eek, you know how you can you can import resources. Yeah into
Existing read so we this plan scale database. We had was before STV 3 so it was manually created
Mm-hmm. So I wrote in my in my in my seeking fake to import it
There's just a really weird quirk that seems to just happen with the plan scale database because I've tested this with other resources
If it's flagged as being this is an imported resource and you do it deploy multiple times for removing
The line that makes it import
It was creating another entry
For that import so it'll import in the database multiple times
And then when the deploy would finish it would clean up the old one
But it's like two entries for the same database. So it's like oh, I got the new one
Let me delete the old one but old ones point to the same database as well. Oh
So the mistakes I made on my end are
Anything important you should flag as retained on delete. I was gonna say is so even if there's that
To kind of safeguard that I guess that works with imports too. Not just new resources
Yeah, yeah, so if I had set that flat if I remember to set that flag sounds like this is an important like I never want
It being deleted and automated way like you need to flag this is retained on delete. I did not do that
Yeah, the second thing is the API key I generate for plan scale
I had initially generated a really granular one and some point during the process
Like while I was working on it. I like lost the key so I had to regenerate it and I was being lazy a second time
So I just made it a key that could do everything
Uh, but there's no reason for this key to have the ability to delete it. It is. It's never needed. Yeah
Uh, so I updated it data that now so
With those two changes like it's like impossible. Yeah thing to be deleted anyway
Uh, so we actually made an update to so we actually have a list internally in sst
Of any resources that we think are popular that this can happen to so we automatically mark the metro chain on delete
So we added a plan to scale database do that and those would be an ever-growing list of
uh resources that we just
It's probably good even if the person forgets to treat you guys are trying to delete. That's a better default. Yeah, and
The better default. Yeah, exactly. So
Uh, I have to still look up to see why this happened because I've tried with other resources
And you can import the same resources multiple times and it just overwrites the existing one
It doesn't like create a new one try to remove the previous one
Um, but yeah, it was uh, it was bad. Yeah, something like this whenever something like this happens
There's always multiple things like multiple failure points that had to go wrong
You know what I mean? Like yeah, it's like so many little things
I mean you just call that too that and then I don't know surely like the order you did things or whatever the deploys
It's always like just the perfect storm and it happens even the dax
Even dax to lease the prod db
Yeah, was this this was for like the sse console. Yeah. Yeah, so it's not it's like it's data that like it's not recoverable anywhere else
Yeah, here's another interesting dynamic that um
I don't think this is going to change my opinion or make me actually do anything different, but it is something I considered where
Managed services are really good because somebody else will deal with problems
but
If this had happened on AWS where I have more direct access to stuff. It's like in my control to
Exit immediately because like I have you would have been the one flagging the ebs volume. Yeah, and uh, like, you know
AWS would have had the
It's snapshots on delete anyway, so it was just enough to meet a restore from from the snapshot. Yep
Whereas now I have to wait on a support team that said we're not paying for any
Higher tier, uh, if we were probably paying for a higher tier
We probably would have gotten like more immediate support. We already got more support than we should have a plant skill
Yeah, I was gonna say I think texting the ceo and the cto being in this house. That's pretty good support
It's probably a typical. Yeah, exactly like we we we we shouldn't have even gotten that given
What what we're paying. Yeah, but like I think we were looking to see what
Because we were kind of surprised like how come they even had someone up at three a.m to do this. Yeah, no kidding
But I guess it's because they're really enterprise the their actual customers and ones
You know paid them real money. Yeah, um, I think they literally have like five minute response
That's a laser or something like that. So I think I think they have so they've got a 24/7 staff. I guess yeah
And I think uh
We got a little special treatment because I'm I'm think one of the staff that was
They're like meant to serve those use cases. Yeah ended up responding day to day
So super appreciative really stupid on our end. We'll try to pay it back by like really figuring out what the root cause was and
And uh making sure that this isn't happening to other people
Thanks, sam
Uh, let's give a little a little free promo, you know, if you're looking for a database service
And you're tired of dealing with backups and all these things
Choose planet scale if you're not tired of that if you just use need the database at all
Yeah, like just your first choice
And if it doesn't work for you, then you can consider other stuff
It's kind of my
I go there first and if I can't use it for whatever reason don't use something else
But uh, it's it's not good my opinion. Dax's Dax's default. You just need to get the stamp already
We need a Dax's stamp that you can just plaster on everybody's github repost
So be so easy. It's low hanging fruit Dax. It's like a low hanging idea
You just literally need a visual like a stamp that people can like AI generated stamp
It is. Oh, yeah, I generate even better. Yeah, but it just needs to be something they can put a little link in their read man
It's like Dax approved Dax approves. I think it's got that's got legs. Just give it a shot
People would get so pissed at that
Yeah
You put your stamp on this thing and I hate this thing
I like that thing instead. Yeah
It would be a lot of that. What else has been going on? I missed everything the last two weeks. We posted that video
I saw the video today. Oh, you posted it because I saw it before it was posted. That's right people
Yeah, I got the inside scoop
All I had to do was lose everything in my life and hit rock bottom and Dax was like this will cheer you up
So if you could do that if you could just lose everything Dax might give you a little little preview of the video
Did you hear me you're looking at me funny or is there a huge delay?
No, no, no, I'm just laughing because I'm like, I think I would have given you the preview. Yeah, you were gonna give it to me anyway
Yeah, here's what happens. I always finish editing a video and I'm so excited. I just need to show people and I'm like
I can't send you a time it very specifically when we release something. Yeah, so I'm always in misery for like 12 hours
This morning like Adam could you stop having a crisis so I can send you this video? Please. This is not a good moment, but I need to send
Yeah, literally this this morning. I was like jay. I want to post a video
Like I know you want this blog post you're writing, but like let me know when it's done
And I've got so impatient. I was like fuck it. I'm just posting it. Give me the blog post. I posted later
Oh, it's yeah, but I so I made that video
It took me exactly one day. I started yesterday
probably around like
planned it
Uh, and then I showered and shaved my head so I could look okay
And then I filmed from like noon to I finished editing around
like 10 p.m
It was a one day effort
That was my first time filming entirely on an iphone. That was my only really into this idea
You're really into the iphone cinematography thing. Yeah, because because it's like
just the the floor
of it is um
Sorry i'm just saying i'm just texting me
But it's not related. We're just talking about he goes
I did not wake up this morning expecting to see your nips every day is an adventure
Yeah, there's a little bit of shirtless facts in this video
I mean you're wearing shirts. It's a thank you for uh for the great support you guys give us
Oh, that's funny
Um, but yeah, so I am really into this iphone thing
Um, so I bought like it goes back before before this video
I mean like you've been showing me like you're rig and all this like you've kind of got this set up
And I get it. I'm excited about not having big hunky cameras. Yeah, we go ahead
Yeah, and so this is the first thing that I actually try to do with it
So I bought uh this rig that you've like slot your iphone into and it has like nice handles
I mean we talked about it's already in the podcast last time. All right
This is the first thing that I uh
Filmed with it and it was such a great experience. Like it's just so versatile that it's like so much less cumbersome
And
When you need to like rework stuff because something doesn't go according to plan
It's it's pretty easy
And the video quality is is pretty good. It's great. Yeah, like I'm looking at still frames of it right now
Yeah, like it's uh, it looks very good. I just dropped in the standard lot that apple
um
gives you
Which uh, you know, they you
I probably should have tweaked it. It's like a little oversaturated
But you know, it's it's pretty good for what it's good even the lowlight like the outdoor scene
Also, shout out liz. I can see you in the reflection of the the door
Uh, good work on the camera work
I mean, I should have known it wasn't zuko like of course it was
Yeah, um, were you at all afraid you were going to drop the we ever afraid you were going to drop the laptop or did you drop the
It's funny because there's there's so many people replying be like, oh, what a wealth flex like
You know, he's so rich. They can just spin this and not give a shit. It's actually not a wealth flex
It's actually a deep confidence in myself. Oh, yeah, that's what i'm flexing right there
Okay, I had no doubt that I wasn't gonna drop it. It was on hard
Tile floor and I spun it a bunch of times throughout the day and I didn't drop a one
I wondered if you how much you practice high confidence. Yeah, really high confidence
Okay, just just for my ultimate days, you know spending it for my mind on my finger
I've got a still frame of it right now and it looks like the the laptop looks fake because it's like in motion
And it I don't know. It's just the way it's balancing on your face. It looks like it's floating above your hand like levitating
And it's glowing. It's just it's very funny. I'm gonna I'm gonna send you this frame. It's
It's funny. That sounds really cool. Yeah, the other thing was I did not use any external mics
I just use the on board iphone mics the iphone 16 has three microphones on it now
uh, and it does
A pretty good job. So that's like my mind like that the audio is just from the phone mic
Like when you're sitting in that chair
It's picking up well enough just over the phone mic. Yeah, and remember how noisy my backyard is the highways right there
And it was pretty windy too. So that plus like a tiny bit of processing during editing. Yeah, it's uh
Yeah, it's clearly none of it is as good as a pro setup, but
It's so close that that cumbersome trade-off is just like you're just gonna produce better stuff because you it's more flexible. Yeah
I'm pretty excited. We're gonna use this in in New York. Nice at our mystery. I mean, it's still a mystery, right?
People don't know what we're doing yet. Yeah. Nice. Are you still going?
Uh, it's a roller coaster. TBD. Yeah, still day by day
Trying to figure out what life looks like the only thing is it can't really be day by day for this because like we need to figure out
The solution if you can go. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that that only occurred to me this morning
I was like before I was like, yeah, it's fine. You can figure it out. But it's like, okay, that that's just the one thing that okay
I will let you know is a little critical one of these day by day
It's not a big deal either way. We just need to know what we need to buy on our end. Okay. Um
Which we can do uh
Yeah, okay. We'll we'll we'll talk we'll we'll talk through that
Uh
Yeah, I would love to hang out. I mean, I would love to be with you guys for a bit that that sounds very refreshing
Given all the current events. Yeah, just some hangout time
And obviously I'm excited about the event and what we're doing. It's very exciting
Oh, did you say I found 16? Yeah, I think I have a 15. There's a new one
When did that? Yeah, I don't have a 16 just because of the mic thing and I gave Liz my 15
So three mics, huh? When did they come out? Is this like recent?
I used it for a couple months now. I used to switch cars. Was that new? I think
It was new when you got it like it just came out. Yeah, yeah
I came out two months ago
I used to like watch all the Apple events and WWDC and like all this stuff and know exactly when every new device was coming out
And now I've gone years and I don't even know half the time. What number my phone is but I do remember recently
Uh, I broke my phone and had to take it to the place and it was a 15
Yeah, nice. Nice. Great story. Great story. Well, there's more to the story, but I'm not going to share it for the sake of others
It actually could be a pretty good story, but sometimes you sacrifice the content for the people, you know
I'm thinking about that goose meme
Do you know the goose meme that with a goose is like chasing the guy asking him a question
What? No, is it the afflac goose? That's like a commercial. That's a goose, right?
Is it a duck? It's it's this one. It's just me and I found it
I feel like you're just trying to have like commercials and calling it a meme. That's what I my guess
No, there's everything about that sentence
Does he say afflac because that's the afflac duck or goose or whatever. This is a this is a goose or is a duck
What did you send me? Let's say I just sent you. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I've seen this. It's in the jacket
It's in the jacket
Except he's asking how'd your phone break? How'd your phone break?
That's what everyone wants to know right now
Did I did I make it did I make it clear that that was the interesting part of the story how my phone broke?
Did I make that clear? I don't know. It's clear now. How'd your phone break? Anyway, let's move on
That's funny. I don't get I don't get what's in the jacket if i'm being honest
Like I don't get this specific version of the man
No, people replace that with something that's wrong. Yeah, I get that
I get that this is like the meme template, but whoever made this one the what's in the jacket
I don't get it because I think it's a goose down jacket. Is that why oh that confirms? It's a goose. Oh, I see
Is that what it is? Maybe that makes sense. They can talk calm interesting
Okay, what else is going on? Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Oh, we have a new president or an old president. Oh, that's true
We have a I mean president elect the uh the politics happened
Do we want to touch this with a 10 foot pole or do we want to just skate on by?
I want to talk about a little bit about the uh about germos tweet. Let's do it. Oh, I saw this
And i'm like the most disconnected i've ever been and I even saw this
Yeah, I gotta say I don't get it
I don't get why people freaked out about someone congratulating the new president
Like I feel like that's a thing people do every single time there's a new president and like people
Who like everyone respects like if obama does it everybody's like cool. I love that guy
But why did people freak out the germos did it? I don't understand it. I get it if you don't like next to s
You the caching policy is driving crazy, but like really I don't understand it
I don't get
So I I have a I have a grand explanation for all of this
I was just going to get real spicy and say it's just childish
Like you just look like a child on the internet if you're like shame on you like what what are you talking about?
You just like it's a just I don't get it. I'm not a trump supporter
But I don't get like you said the name trump. What a loser like what is that attitude? I just don't understand it
So to me, this is a very
That situation. So here's my like psychological analysis of everything that happened. Yeah, so germot tweeted
Congratulations Donald trump and then he posted it's crazy to see the impact of
X and just give us a bunch of things that he was like it's crazy that this stuff had an impact on it
The reason he did that is because he's trying to fit in with like the silicon valley
like very serious CEO crowd because if you look at it all the
Billion dollars, you know company public company CEOs are posting that so his message wasn't deeply insightful
It would just kind of like this vague
like, you know
mimicry of
Okay, yeah, so in a way, it's a little sad because it's like he was just trying to fit in with this group
Yeah, and then the people reading it
Reddit as
An extremely strong endorsement of certain things that they don't agree with and they found that very disappointing
Uh, and everyone's really pissed at him. But the reason I find it says because like he wasn't doing that guys
He was just like trying to like fit in with his
He wants to fit in with and then everyone's really pissed at it
Yeah, I mean on one hand I get it like it's like the timing of it was insane
Especially to an audience that is like leans sure pretty much in in one direction
So you actually think like the response the people getting upset about it that like they they have valid criticism
I don't know if I would call it valid. I think I understand it
I obviously don't have that reaction at all anywhere remotely to that reaction
I think you know
Everyone has different levels of emotions at the end of the day and I get how
literally, you know in the in the like within 12 hours of the event
Probably people, you know
thought in a much more extreme way than it was intended
Um, and they disagree. They finally disagree and I think that it's
They they don't feel aligned with
This company in the tool and I get that and you're totally allowed to feel that way and to like, you know
I don't agree with this thing where people are like you should not boycott people over politics
Yeah, I wouldn't I personally wouldn't but I think people should be allowed to do that
Yeah, and just like it's it's it's it's fine. It's just to me. It was just like a
funny dynamic
because of
Wasn't intentional. It was like treated as a good heavy endorsement, but it wasn't that's I guess that's my thing
It's like I guess it's just this formality in my mind
that people
Congratially the incoming president not like
I didn't read it as Guillermo like endorsing or saying I think
I am on board with everything this person stands for
It was just like one of I think the fitting in thing makes perfect sense because it just felt like I kind of tweet
You see from like Tim Cook like congratulations. It was Mr. President. Oh, was it really?
Yeah, that's exactly how I viewed it and then for people to like
It just feels a little virtue signaling when people are like shame on you and I don't know
It's probably some of my friends. So I'm sorry if if there happens to be a venn diagram
Of people that listen to this show that are my friend that also tweeted in response to top g
I'm sorry. I don't dislike you or I'm not
I don't know. I'm just walking back on my spicy. Just forget all the spicy. I said
You're fine. It's fine. I just don't I don't really get the uh
I don't know. I'm gonna flame somebody because they said congratulations president Trump
It's it's funny because it's technically virtue ceiling on the other side too because
Why is Tim Cook and
Anthony Nadella like why are they doing this is because they are
Enormous companies that face heavy regulation burden and then they need to cozy up to whoever the current administration is
Yeah, and you know dermos like yeah us too. We're also like that. Yeah
That's important
Come on trump. So yeah, look out for versatile. They need your help
Yeah, it's just it's just a funny situation
Um
Yeah, I think it upset a lot of people and I'm sure the employees within and I thought to a few people that are
That work inside for sale that you know didn't didn't like that
And I think if I want to make the case for people that are upset with it. It's that
Generally, this is fine. No matter who wins an election. Like there's two candidates. You agree with one screw the other
It's fine. It's a democracy. It's the outcome of election. Um
And you you know everything you're saying makes sense. I think the way people feel is this candidate is so outside the bounds of what's acceptable
that
anyone treating it like a normal situation is
implicitly saying that
This is I'm like normalizing this candidate as a normal person
But you know people believe that this is
So outside the range of anything normal. We shouldn't do anything that my potentially normalize. Yeah, this type of behavior
I get it. I get it. I see that argument. Yeah, sure. Definitely outside normal. Yeah, I also feel like
It's not getting any better over the next 20 years. Like I just feel like
Normal that ship sailed a long time ago like our our political sphere
Is so far from normal at this point
I mean, I think like that like the democrats are just gonna keep losing because they're trying to play like normal games and
At some point they got them the lesson though. And it's not just a normal thing for me. So
Jay posted a bunch about this
They didn't just lose
It was like a colossal flat in the face, right? Yeah, they did so bad across the board everywhere senate
uh house representatives
Compare every single county to how biden performed and biden was like such a nothing candidate to be in with
It was like it's just like
They've had so many moments where they should have like been like we need to pivot drastically
Because we're like failing in places. We should not be failing at all
Yeah, and you kind of wonder like at what point do they realize like
We got stuff fucking around and like
Just go for the win. Yeah
And do what we need to go for the win and what they need to do for that
Has been kind of obvious for a very long time. So yeah, I just don't know why it doesn't happen
Well, now I now I feel like you need to say it because I mean, I was probably not obvious to me
I'm pretty simple on this front
I think a few things that they do wrong is
Every every politician when they were campaign they're supposed to do some very basic things
Make very concrete promises so that the average person can understand what they're getting when they like to
You know, most of times these are like effectively lies or they don't happen. Sure. That's like the thing
When I say
Trump
You know that you get border. You get tax cuts. You get like sure these like
Any average person can probably tell you what they are. Yeah, if I say, you know, the other candidate
What what what is their thing?
Yeah, what are you getting with that? Sure. Nobody knows
Do you just not not do not know how to pronounce camel because I don't either come letters call us. I don't know. That's the one
Not only is she have indian she's actually from the exact same part of it
I know I didn't know that you had this tie until like the day of the election. That's so cool
Yeah, I mean it sucks to lose, but it's so cool that you have that title to a losing politician
I don't I don't like her and I don't think she's a good candidate. So it's fine
My problem with the loss
My problem with the democrats is way more like
Grugbane, you're probably on the like the hoodie guy and i'm on the far left of the grug meme or whatever the bell curve
Uh mine is just like
They're going against a party. That's like
It's like a religion for them. I mean it in some cases it literally is a religion for them
But like they're so passionate about their candidate
It's like they would die for their candidate and then on the democrats side. They're just like well, uh guys
uh
like here's logic and reason and why we should do this this way and it's like there's no passion there's no like
Just like being fired up about it. And that's kind of what i'm saying like there's well like that is true, but
I don't think the reason they lost was because
The democrats failed to win over really passionate people
What happened was they just failed to win over
They just failed to win over like
People that don't care that much. Uh, they got the passion of people. They just don't have anybody else
Yeah, and trump is always going to have like that side of the passionate equivalent on their side, right?
Yeah
It just felt like people were like, I don't care about the details like here's xyz reasons why i'm happy
And there's one candidate says he's gonna fix xyz things where I feel like democrats entire thing they keep doing this is
All they talk about is how they're not this other person has other person is
Really bad xyz ways and even though those things are true. It's just not what the average person is looking for. Yeah
Uh, so that that's one thing and the second thing is
Just actually just steal what the republicans talk about and just make that your
Your own talking points because like they're just basic things that everyone the average person cares about. Yeah
I feel the democrats are like really focused on these like really complex
like
Crazy ideas that don't really impact most people like just kind of flush that side of the stuff out of your party
And just be like kind of boring and be like, we're gonna make you richer. We're gonna make you safer
Yeah, you do that. Yeah
That's like two of those three things. What's the Maslow's like hierarchy or whatever. That's a couple of the big ones, right?
Yeah, just do that be boring
Be straight forward pick a candidate that like is like a southern
Governor or something. That's a democrat. There's a few of those that I just can't see you not winning if you do that
Who was the VP can't it was he he was a governor from somewhere. Was it a southern state or from mesh from Minnesota?
Minnesota midwest like you know, he's pretty he's pretty close
Like I don't know feeling that had one from Georgia or Pennsylvania or is that retro retro respect is that they were considering the one from Pennsylvania?
Okay. Yeah, they're considering the governor of Pennsylvania. He was like, I guess there's no one state that decided this one
They just kind of got swept
Across across the board. Yeah, like four years ago. It was like Georgia
Turns out really important. Was that four years ago? Yeah
This time not so much. It was just sort of like yeah, uh, sweep
It's like how did you do worse and Biden? That should be like a crazy tough. That's
Like a call. That's a big slap in the face for sure
I don't know how Biden became president. That's kind of wild actually. Maybe that's also revisionist history
Like maybe he didn't seem so old and decrepit when he ran, but yeah, I'm pretty simple
Are you old and decrepit? I'm out. Sorry
the other thing is uh
I think this just got more extreme over time. I think it's going to be very very hard for
a candidate to
Have consecutive terms. I don't know how frequent this has been historically, but I think it's just gonna get harder and harder
because
I just feel it's an overall attention span thing like we try someone new and if it doesn't go well
We're just like we want the next thing. Yeah, so picking a candidate that's associated with the existing administration
You're just like screws in the beginning. That was a rough situation all the way around because like
I remember when the talk was like they could never remove Biden
He's never gonna step out like this is just what they're stuck with and then when it did finally shift
Yeah, it's like how do you prepare that late in the game? Like
It's kind of yeah, and like she's stuck being like I can't be like everything
I disagree with everything Biden did everything different because that's the support but like
Also, yeah, and like you were there. So you're just you're just kind of saying like I failed to be impactful. Yeah
Oh, yeah, that's tough. Everyone wants something new everyone wants like a brand new thing. Yeah, so I hear you on the
consecutive term saying in fact, I think I heard it on like a 538 podcast they talked about the trend
It's like it's what you said the attention span, but it's also the like distrust and authority
It's like basically every incumbent government everyone's like not you're not it
Like we don't trust you and you had a chance and you failed. Yeah
So I think given those things you just got to bring something fresh every single time and I hope the next time
That they put someone up
They're really trying to go for the win. Like if you're like, I need to win
I need to figure out what to do to win. Yeah, you would do almost nothing that they did
Which they would focus on on winning more for more of them. Yeah, it seems like a good strategy
I mean really if you're to focus on winning I feel like if you're gonna focus on something you should probably be winning
I don't know
I just went like 15 seconds without saying anything. That was just for fun
Yeah, I think like more of a boom busty kind of like I play fantasy football and you have players that like
They're gonna get you nine points and it's not gonna be exciting
And you're kind of gonna hate that they're on your team
But like whatever they're gonna get you your nine points
And then there's people that could get you 25 points or they're probably gonna get zero
Are you saying like when you say go for the win is it like get somebody like that who's kind of polarizing and like a
A big swing and a miss kind of potential, but could be a home run
Yeah, I I guess what I was saying that like picking picking the candidate is one thing
But just overall just the attitude does not seem to be like
We're gonna do whatever it takes to win like we're gonna figure out the strategy
We're gonna do we're gonna we're gonna focus on what people want to hear
We're gonna like say those things if that changes we're gonna pivot and say the other things that people want to hear
Yeah, like it's it's an election. It's not
You got to do what you need to do to win the election. Yeah, so then you can do the thing you need to do
Yeah in power
And that's just the way it is like it's maybe doesn't fit some ideal, but it's just the way it is
The game doesn't ever be the same in that a song. I think I made that one. Did I make that one up?
Yeah, no, right. You're right. That is a song. It's like an old old song. I think was it really musical today?
I know you're singing. Uh, maybe that's my new identity. I'm gonna be a singer. Maybe you're in a good mood
Maybe it's kind of crazy given. Yeah, the last 24 hours. You know what it feels like you know how it feels like
When it comes to sports, let's say like sprinting
You know, someone should just be able to like
Be born a certain way and then like just train generally and then they could just be the best
Renter ever. Mm-hmm. But the game has gotten advanced even for something as basic as run really fast. Yeah, it's like there's a whole
Perfect nutrition approach the whole like exact type of training you need to do and each thing gives you like
a point one percentage of advantage and there's just so many of those things where
If you're not playing the game, you like really just the game has just changed. Yeah, I feel that way about
Politics too, like it's very advanced now. Yeah, that's a great analogy. Actually, uh, it's like in the 50s
You could be a professional football player and you're like smoking cigars at halftime and you're like
Drinking a can of beer and then you go back out into the first half now. It's like
Elite elite nutrition everything is perfect to hone those little tiny advantages. That's that's dead on
Well, even like you look at the olympics that come around every four years like the swimmers
They all have the like perfect swimmer body like they're proportioned to be an olympic athlete
You can't just be born with like long legs and suddenly you're going to be an olympic swimmer
You have to have the like giant upper body tiny little like dolphin legs. They look like boats
Yeah, they literally look like a hole
So true
Like everything now it's like it gets more and more refined and more competitive and yeah, you're right
That's how politics should be like you got to get up
To that level of challenge if you're the democratic party and you got to say
This isn't the 50s anymore. How do we compete at this elite level? That's a great call. Yeah
Yeah, just just less weakness more strength a lot of people talk about I feel like as a layman
That doesn't really get into political science a lot of people talk about the democrats being like bad at elections
But they win sometimes right like I mean biden. Who is it before that? I guess obama
Obama right before that bill clinton. I don't know. Yeah, like there's been pushing between but yeah
there's been some democrat democratic wins, but the clinton win was very similar to the
The situation right now but in reverse the republicans were messing up
In a way and then the democrats are like here is a
Southern governor
He kind of had the wider appeal he could appeal to people that were a little more in the middle
Who's young also like he was pretty oh, yeah, definitely not near the ages that we're listening
Yeah, what is that about I don't understand the politics thing. Yeah, nine-year-old
The other thought I had is like we might just be in like a really weird time like
There's a lot of people
From a generation we cannot connect to at all still alive
And then you like shift forward 10 or 20 years
And that'll be different that kind of looks the same at that point. There's like not really
These people that are like they live in a different world effectively
Just say it boomers. They're boomers. Yeah, they're boomers that we don't have any
Have I ever said the word boomer before? I don't know. I'm pretty sure we don't have any boomer listeners
I'm pretty sure. I don't think they listen to podcasts if I'm being honest. What about your mom?
I don't think she listens. I don't know mom. Do you listen to this? Let me know in the comments
Like and subscribe, please
Uh, I don't I don't actually think my parents listen. No, I don't think boomers know what podcasts are even
I don't think it's like on their radar. They listen to like serious xm
They have like satellite radio. They don't listen to podcasts
Yeah, like by the time like in 10 or 20 years the oldest people around will maybe be our parents
And yeah
Like if that right and it's uh at that point
It's like everyone most people on earth are going to be from this like the internet world
Uh, and we're never not we definitely don't all agree, but like there's at least there's not like these like there's that commonality
Yeah, like I think generally
People from those will like understand like the modern world where like yeah
A lot what you read is not true when you're skeptical of like everything like it's it's uh, that's a great point actually
I don't think about how old
There are there are so many people in their 70s 80s that are voting that like
We are basically a different species. I mean like we have nothing
In common with that generation at this point like they're
Far removed from our modern society, right? Like is that is that ageist? I don't know if i'm being
a horrible
I mean, it's just it's just it's just a reality like, you know
The world changed a lot in a certain time period and you're either on one side of the other side of it
Yeah, I don't think about like the gap in ages you got 18 year olds voting and then you got 75 year olds voting
Kind of weird actually like to think that group of people. Yeah, would all come to like a common
Solution and for me it's less about the voting and more about the literally being an office thing
Oh, that that is nuts to me either should be an age limit if we saw this problem of like 75 year old people running for president
Again in 10 or 20 years that's not that weird compared to
it's more of our peers than
Or at least like yeah less of a gap. That's an interesting thought experiment
Yeah, do you get really dry this time of year? I guess Miami's really wet
Like do you ever get dry? I got I got a comment on the video already. That was like, I love that Miami's humid because it makes your head look so shiny
Looking at the shiny right now. That's funny. I don't I don't good. I don't get dry. Okay. Well, I have to like slather
Uh, like lip balm on my lips because they're cracking like the corners on my lips. Like I can't open my mouth very wide
I remember that. I remember that the lip you got that in New York or something like
Just my whole life. How can I say this? I don't want to be racist
That's a terrible way to start a sentence because it's like sure that you're gonna say something racist
At the moment you say that it makes me really excited
Well, I don't want to like jump to conclusions
But I know like different color skin has different properties and I just wondered like when you lived in New York
You see you you do get dry skin. You don't really burn sunburn. Yeah, except for that one time
So I just didn't know if like, I don't know your skin is just naturally moisture than mine and it just never gets dry
No, actually people with darker skin tend to have dryer skin. Really? Okay my experience. Yeah. Yeah, so like interesting
I think that's related to the climate like when I was in
Cold or climate my super dry skin. I still have like like I still don't take care of my skin
That way it's like way less dry than it used to be just from being in Miami
Like where the where you're from in India. Is it like a warm tropical climate? Like what kind of climate?
It's like identical to Miami really that's nice got that little slice at home
I'm in my I'm in my the correct environment. It never plays you tycoon
Maybe oh, I think I'm flooding with good memories right now. Yes. Yeah, you like the cages. Yes
Yeah, it's very similar to rollerfish. I can yeah
And you have to like you have to like put like the right terrain and environment so the animals would be happy
That's you you're in your correct feels that way I'm like, I'm like in the correct outfit
You had that thought before did that one just click? No, I think as we were as I was imagining me being in Florida
It's like yeah, I got dropped here, but like, you know, they recreated the right environment for me
That's too funny
Can we we got to get the guy? I'm sure he's done a lot of podcasts the guy that made rollercoaster tycoon in assembly
That's like a legendary story at this point. Isn't it? I want to hear from him. Yeah, that's true
I want to hang out with that guy. Who is he? I wonder how old he is mr. tycoon himself. Yeah, mr. tycoon, right?
Yeah, it was the last name. Who are like the legend like we got to have more people. I'm sorry
I know you're just I just blew right past that joke. Sorry
We got to have more people on the podcast and I don't know who people would want to hear from
I mean, I can think of people I'd like to hang out with I don't know if you're a listener of the show and you want to like email us
At something something at tomorrow.fm
Shoot us an email. Let us know somebody you'd like to have on you have somebody can I tell you something I struggle with a little bit? Yes
I think that I
This isn't like enough of a problem to say like we should or should not do anything
Are you breaking up with me? I think I I think I struggle. No, okay. I struggle without those types of guests
What type of guests? Oh like famous people like people that are accomplished and like further
Like they're they're like past the point where they have accomplished something and now they're just like, you know established like DHH
Just call them out because
I had to do with the person. It's a new thing. I
Feel like I am way too on the same track or attempting to be on the same track as these people
So my entire mindset around everything when I think about these people is like
Being me be their peer one day because I like get to
Maybe not the same level accomplishment but get to like any amount of accomplishment on the same track
And when I when I like when we had them as guests like I don't
I don't feel good in this like interviewer. Uh, yeah, I don't want to I don't want to interview
I want to hang out. That's a good point. Yes, exactly like when we had pocock on and we're just hanging out
Like it's like just peers that are at the same kind of stage of career. Yes talking
That's that's like that's perfect. Um, but this thing where if you're just trying to be
If you're if you're not on the same track of these people and you're just
Trying to like do content and do that stuff like it makes makes total sense
But for me afterward, I always had this like weird feeling of like
I don't know. It's hard for me to articulate, but it's I get it. It's just in conflict with
Like my drive and my motivation and everything. I suddenly feel like i'm being pushed into this other
Yeah, it's kind of dumb disingenuous reasons that I would want to have
Well accomplished people. It's just for numbies, you know, it's just like I want downloads
I just want I just want somebody who's people gonna see the name be like, oh man. I gotta listen to that
But like if it was just about the enjoying the show, you're right
I mean I enjoyed listening to DHH talk straight 90 minutes like without getting a breath in that was fun
But like if i'm being honest the pokok thing like people who I mean even like having taylor
and ryan on like they're people that like
Are in our just more accomplished but they're in our stage of career like they're not retired
They're not like
on mount rushmore or whatever
I think the other thing that's challenging is when you're in this interviewer position
To do that well
You have to be really neutral and let's the person like really be able to get deeply into the way they think
But because I want to be more of a peer
I don't want to do that. I want to like be in conflict in certain areas and like have a different perspective on it
And the reality is it's you can't really do that. Like that just doesn't really not with someone like that
Yeah, it just doesn't really really exist. So let's let's just have you know, let's just have peers on
We need to just have the whole terminal crew on we've never done that right just like have us all five
I guess it'd be really hard to have five of us on now. We should do it. Yeah, we could do it
It'd just be fun. I mean it'd just be like whatever. It's maybe it's a train wreck, but people don't listen
Yeah, we should do it. I guess we should get off here. I have no idea how long it's been because my thing is broken
I hope it recorded. How come you don't have to pee? Has that changed too?
I'm a new man. I no longer have to pee
Think of all the productivity. You're really nervous. You're bothering about your emotions and emotions are pushing out the urine
I actually think there could be something to that. I'm not a scientist. I'm not a doctor
I can't rule it out. It's possible. Maybe you were nervously drinking water. Maybe I mean
You had some kind of repressed stuff. So you were just drinking the water as a way to self-regulate
I think it's a simpler explanation that we're recording in a weird time today
And this is not the time of day. I pee constantly
I pee a lot in the morning right after coffee
Like I drink coffee and then I have to pee every 20 minutes for like three hours
And then I'm good like all afternoon. I haven't read anything so
Uh, has it been an hour? How long have we been talking? I have no idea because I have to get my boys off screen time
So before we get off, I want to tell you one theory that so Liz has all these funny theories that are like
They're funny because they seem kind of ridiculous, but they're not totally implausible. Yeah, she has a whole set of them
Uh, but there's one that maybe you will find helpful. I love it. Uh, I think I've heard I sorry. I think I've heard her say
Theories like this where she's like I have theory I can hear her doing that
I can hear
She thinks that we all
Underplay the role of smell
In all parts of her life, especially relationships
and she thinks that
When you meet someone new all the excitement is because you have this new smell and then eventually you get very used to their smell
and that uh
Correlates with you know the relationship going stale
I love this and I it could be true and they just need to be compatibility with smells
And she's like that's how animals work and we're an animal. Like why do we think we're it's true. We're we're beyond this
um
And she hasn't got a bunch of other observations around this that I can't remember right now, but to like support it
Is it just just romantic relationships or just like friendships? Everything probably everything but like I think she's mostly talking about romantic ones
So yeah, maybe you guys should like
Spend time in places with that don't have any smells. I get back together
Just to be reminded reminded of the smell. Yeah, just to like you know, it's funny. We don't like uh
Casey's pretty sensitive to like fragrances like chemical fragrances
And we don't wear like cologne or perfume all of our cleaner. We just use like we knew okay
Yeah, we just use like vinegar for cleaning solution like we try to like
So when somebody comes over and they've got like a lot of perfume on or something
It's like it's in the house for a couple days and it just like
It's very dark when you're not used to it. That reminds me. Okay. There is some kind of perfume that I will
smell off someone like maybe like
Once every two weeks like just walk by someone or whatever and I'll smell it
It is such a shocking smell to me because it smells so strongly of like cleaning alcohol or something
And it just reminds me of like covid for some reason like mine was like
Disinfecting something like all the disinfectant. I'm just like in the air everywhere
And like it like I had such like a repulsive reaction to it
And for the longest time I didn't even know it was perfume. I literally thought like oh someone just like came from the hospital
Got hand sanitizer or whatever or like yeah, something like that and it's like this guttural reaction I have and then I realized it
Their day like no that they're smelling like that on purpose. Like what they're trying to
Trying to I like my brain like kind of understood how it could be a perfume flick
It's like it and I was like oh my but for me it just smells like horrible or reminds me of
covid. Yeah, this is the worst
Design perfume ever. It's really interesting perfume and cologne. Did you wear cologne like growing up?
Like in high school. I did for sure. I'm not trying to say I had the same like high school boy
Thing yeah, I tried it for a bit, but I'm just not good with high school boys
Is there is there a weirder subgroup than high school boys? I feel like that is the
Embarrassing strangest. It's the most embarrassing. I'm embarrassed. I'm embarrassed for high school boys right now
Like whoever they are. Yeah, I don't even know them. Are they embarrassing anymore?
Probably actually yes. They have the broccoli haircut. Have you seen the have you seen this?
Every like I go to my gym and there'll be like eight people there and six of them are
18-year-old boys with that haircut. It's insane. I don't know if it just hit the Ozarks late. Why did everyone get curly hair?
I don't know. That's everyone's so curly. They have to be like perming it or something
They're doing this on purpose. There's no way that many kids have curly hair
I'm just I'm convinced they're all going in perms and then they shave the sides
It looks ridiculous. I don't know how to like reach out to that generation and just shake them and say listen. It's not good
It's not a good haircut. We but every generation needs something to look back on and be embarrassed by because it's like a bonding
Cars are the frosted tips. I had like the the blonde frosted
Pointy. You had the blonde. Yeah, I just had I just had there's there's the
Oh, yeah, the rooster thing. Yeah
That was our generation. Yeah
It's funny. Yeah, and my hair was super curly. So it was really hard for me to get it like that
You could have had the broccoli cut natural. Yeah, I could have had I could have had it naturally. Yeah, I know
Born at the wrong time now. I don't even have any hair so I can't even do it
Man, I I really I wish I didn't have just put a hat on all the time
I'm gonna shave it eventually because I just never want to fix my hair
So your hair is the dream like just shave it and never had to fix it
I guess you have to shave it. Did I tell you my plants from my hair? No
implants, okay, so
No, okay, so I did
So I found out that one of the best hair transplant places in the world is like 10 minutes away from my house
Of course it is of course it's in Miami. Yeah, uh-huh. Yeah, of course
I was like, okay, okay, I'll just go get a consultation see what yeah, what what's what
And here's why I know it's a really good place
I went in had my consultation
They talked me through a bunch of they asked me a lot of the interesting questions that a lot of suggestions
And they told me not to do one. Oh, why that's how you know they're good because they're not trying to just get the money out of you
Like it's but yeah, so basically here's the thing I did not understand so my thought process was
I might as well get it if I don't like it. I like the way I like my shaved head
Like I can just go back to it. Yeah, but it turns out you can't go back to your shaved head
If you get a hair transplant because what they take the hair from the back of your head
And it leaves these like little dots there. So you have to commit to
Like your new full-time the new look forever. Yeah, and if you don't like it you can't you can't shave so
Yeah, I feel like it would be a waste to like ruin that for the rest of your life
So he literally looked at me and he was like he just judged me aesthetically
He was like good looking back ahead. That looks good shave. Yeah, uh, so I think he was like
I think I would make you look worse if I did
What we did and like he said I would have to have two treatments not just one
And so it would take like a year and he just he was just like looking at everything
And just like it I noticed he's like he had he had very low confidence that he would make him look better
and that's what's funny about
Doctors in this field whether it's plastic surgery or hair transplants
They need a sense of aesthetics to be like I can make this person look better
I can't make this person look better. And this is what looks good. This is what looks bad
And they like study that and get it get a good taste for it
So
Now I know that a hair transplant is technically never going to be an option for me unless they figure out
Hair cloning which is like they take a little bigger hair and they make it into more
Um, which is like, you know, that's like the technology to try and figure out
Um, so I'm like, okay, if I can't do that, I'm gonna go the other extreme
I'm going to get laser hair removal on my head. So you never had to shave again. Yeah, so here's a fun
Here's the next funny bit. So I'm looking into this. I'm like, is this a thing
Whoa, is it really great someone on youtube?
Just makes a bunch of content
She's someone that removes that does this and she makes a bunch of content about it
And I learned so much lift her up 20 minutes away from my nose. Where do you live?
It's not real. This is
The best hair removal place the best hair addition place
Anything aesthetic you want to do to yourself, you know, my enemies got you covered. It's like what we do
Um, so I think it's going to be a little painful and it's like make sure you don't stay in this hunt a little bit after you do it
So it's a little tricky, but yeah
Yeah, but like just never had like if I could always look like this. This is like I shaved yesterday. Yeah
Um
That'll be fantastic and I have to worry about my hair ever again just to my beard. Oh man. That does sound
Yeah, I wish they could make it where your hair like I want my beard to just stay the length that it gets
And then like not grow. Can they do that? It'd probably be really bad for you if they could
They'd have to like radiation or something. I don't know
Like kill the hair follicles, but like
Then the hair would slowly start falling out and you just have all these missing patches that'd be awful
I don't understand why wigs aren't more popular. Yeah, like they solve the problem perfectly like you look
You can look like whatever you want. That's a good point. Why isn't that more popular?
I could just wear one even like it could be the way I style my hair and then I don't have to style my hair
I just have a wig on
So right now you're wearing a hat because yeah, I didn't want to fix my hair
Instead of wearing a hat. You just don't want to wig. Yeah, you know, that's so funny. Dude. I didn't do my hair today
Just I don't know. It's like I gotta do my I gotta do my hair. Casey. I'll be right back
I mean, that's I guess no, I guess that's weird. I
I'm not I'm not someone that understands this world. Yeah
I don't know. It's just like it sounds like what my grandma did to her hair
She had like do upper hair. I feel like the bald is really good on you. The only thing I would say you could add
If you considered being jewish or you considered like converting to a yarmulke?
Yeah, because I think the little cap on your bald head would be amazing. I think they look good
Just just give it a whirl. That is that is really great. I never thought of that
Try one on you got the beard and everything just try one on if you like it. You can always just do the
Jewish thing you can become can you become jewish or is it only if you're born in a certain place?
I don't know. No, you can you can convert but I have too many Palestinian friends. So
Yeah, also our copy supplier is a Palestinian. So interesting. I hope I didn't just offend people
I feel like there's certain things if I just say certain words. I'm like not sure
I'm so uncultured that I just don't even know so I'm sorry. I love all people all people are great. I was mostly kidding
Um, I do wonder what I look like with a yarmulke. I see why you're saying that because it looks like it would just perfectly fit
Like right there. I think I think it looks best on bald people because I think some people
You don't have to be bald to wear a yarmulke, right? It's not just bald people
Like I'm gonna stop offending people. Well, I was about to say something that was maybe the most offensive of everything
Maybe it's not
I'm gonna say it. I'm gonna say it. It's just a theory. It's not it's not real. It's just a yeah funny observation
Um when people go bald, they have they get that like circle right here
Exactly where the yarmulke goes. You think that's what they they invented the yarmulke for like that is quite convenient
You know, that's interesting interesting theory. I have a theory
Well, they call it the solar panel
They call it something like that. That's what they like when you have a bald spot right there
They call it the solar thing. They call it that's they call it something. Oh the horseshoe or something. I don't know
But uh, I feel like we've offended so many groups of people on this episode bald people
I mean, that's good as long as we offend everyone. Okay, everyone. Okay. If you seem targeted
Yeah, so everyone like on the political spectrum
Like if you're on the right of the left, you should all be offended feel bad
But if you're trump your idiot, you vote for come a lot. You're an idiot. Yeah. You're an idiot
Yeah, how could you not vote? You loser
Uh, okay. I think my boys got extra screen time. You're welcome
Podcast listeners. They should just listen to episodes of our podcast while
We record this. Do you want to know what they watch?
Well, actually i'm blanking. It's like every combination of two animals. It's like shark dog and like
Tiger boy. I don't know. It's like so many
How many shows you remember when we were kids and we watched like Saturday morning cartoons and it was like power rangers or
This other thing this I was talking about this other day
There's so many shows that I watched and I found like I didn't like the aesthetics like it made me uncomfortable
But I watched because it was the only thing that was the only thing. Yeah, we had to learn a little perseverance now our kids
Have hundreds of different shows they could watch. It's insane. Netflix just cranks out the cartoons
I feel like they can make them even easier than like they're so nice action stuff. Yeah, there's so much stuff on there
It overwhelms me. I mean, I feel that way about normal Netflix just like
Spending 15 minutes at the beginning. It's like, what are we gonna watch and you just never feel good about it
There's something there figure that out. I don't know. I feel like they could figure that out
Sometimes instead of watching we'll just spend an hour browsing like intentionally like sometimes i'm like, they're feeling it. Yeah, browsing
And we'll just we'll just like go through each thing and look at it and just make funny comments and we'll spend an hour
Yeah, and then we'll go to sleep. Yeah, I mean, it is a form of entertainment
They do the little preview even like they start playing stuff. You can kind of get a little taste of a lot of stuff. Yeah. All right
Uh, okay, cool. I don't know, uh, I tuck. I forgot that we don't know how to end episodes. So
I can hear my child screaming. I'm gonna go. Okay. Bye
You